pipeline: inputs: dummy: Add column for default values (#1425)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/dummy.md

The plugin supports the following configuration parameters:

> | Key | Description | Default value |
> | :--- | :--- | :--- |
> | Dummy | Dummy JSON record. | `{"message":"dummy"}` |
> | Metadata | Dummy JSON metadata. | `{}` |
> | Start\_time\_sec | Dummy base timestamp in seconds. | 0 |
> | Start\_time\_nsec | Dummy base timestamp in nanoseconds. | 0 |
> | Rate | Rate at which messages are generated expressed in how many times per second. | 1 |
> | Interval\_sec  | Set seconds of time interval at which every message is generated. If set, `Rate` configuration will be ignored. | 0 |
> | Interval\_nsec | Set nanoseconds of time interval at which every message is generated. If set, `Rate` configuration will be ignored. | 0 |
> | Samples | If set, the events number will be limited. e.g. If Samples=3, the plugin only generates three events and stops. | |
> | Copies | Number of messages to generate each time they are generated. | 1 |
> | Flush\_on\_startup | If set to `true`, the first dummy event is generated at startup. | `false` |

Reviewer: I made several style, formatting, and content edits based on our style guide.

```suggestion
| Key                | Description | Default |
| :----------------- | :---------- | :------ |
| Dummy              | Dummy JSON record. | `{"message":"dummy"}` |
| Metadata           | Dummy JSON metadata. | `{}` |
| Start\_time\_sec   | Dummy base timestamp, in seconds. | `0` |
| Start\_time\_nsec  | Dummy base timestamp, in nanoseconds. | `0` |
| Rate               | Rate at which messages are generated expressed in how many times per second. | `1` |
| Interval\_sec      | Set time interval, in seconds, at which every message is generated. If set, `Rate` configuration is ignored. | `0` |
| Interval\_nsec     | Set time interval, in nanoseconds, at which every message is generated. If set, `Rate` configuration is ignored. | `0` |
| Samples            | If set, the events number will be limited. For example, if Samples=3, the plugin generates only three events and stops. | _none_ |
| Copies             | Number of messages to generate each time they are generated. | `1` |
| Flush\_on\_startup | If set to `true`, the first dummy event is generated at startup. | `false` |
```

Author: Thanks, applied
